README.md, before:

# ![Clinicify](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/114942078/204480563-e5124f39-fdb7-42fc-ad55-66bbe6940207.png)

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-a.0-blue.svg?cacheSeconds=2592000)

This app is my graduation project Upskilling - Software Developers.

The application is called Clinicify it allows the monitoring of a clinical study.

## Technologies

This application is based on : MongoDB for database Express.JS and Node.Js for server ad React.JS For web client.

## Essential Features

- ✅ Create, Read, Update and Delete clinical trials,
- ✅ Create, Read, Update and Delete patients,
- ✅ Create, Read, Update and Delete Clinical Research Associate (CRA) in charge of follow-up.
- ✅ An authentication system with Json Web Token (open industry standard RFC 7519 method for representing claims securely between two parties [https://jwt.io/].)

## Author

👤 **f.Moncef**

## Badges

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)

Commit message:

adjust features and associated routes

README.md, after:

# ![Clinicify](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/114942078/204480563-e5124f39-fdb7-42fc-ad55-66bbe6940207.png)

![Version](https://img.shields.io/badge/version-a.0-blue.svg?cacheSeconds=2592000)

This application is my graduation project Upskilling - Software Developers.

The application is called Clinicify it allows the monitoring of a clinical study.

## Technologies

This application is based on : MongoDB for database Express.JS and Node.Js for server ad React.JS For web client.

## Essential Features

- ✅ Create, Read, Update and Delete clinical trials with protected routes,
- ✅ Create, Read, Update and Delete patients,
- ✅ Create, Read, Update and Delete loogbook in charge for patient follow-up.
- ✅ An authentication system with Json Web Token (open industry standard RFC 7519 method for representing claims securely between two parties [https://jwt.io/].)

## Author

👤 **f.Moncef**

## Badges

[![MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)
